Hey, welcome to the internet. First stop, Nitro.
with 4 Bold New Feature Drops
New Themes! Graphic design is my passion — ON DISCORD! (Match your vibe)
Am I more “Crimson Moon” like my soul?
Or a “Citrus Sherbert” fan? (Brain freeze!)
Add a little kickflip to your convos with Super Reactions. (Hype up the chat)
Unleash this — NOT!
[Police sirens] Uh oh! Soundboards!
[Airhorn blasts]
Did you say bored? Whatever, use your sounds anywhere. (Next level expression)
Is fashion everything? It is now. (Add flair to your profile)
Avatar Decorations. Everything can be fashion.
You’ve just been NITROED! Hope you were buckled up.
Nitro just got a lot more Nitro with these 4 upgrades.
Themes. Super Reactions. Avatar Decorations. Soundboard.